Switch devicetype-library to nautobot (#115)
nautobot/nautobot-app-welcome-wizard: docs/user/app_getting_started.md

### Import Manufacturers

You can browse to the `Import Manufacturers` page to easily import selected manufacturers into Nautobot. If the [Git Repository](git_datasource.md) 

> has not yet been synced, this page will initially be blank but the repository will be automatically synced (and created if necessary). You can refresh the page, once the repository has synced the manufacturers will become available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has not yet been synced, this page will initially be blank but the repository will be automatically synced (and created if necessary). Once the repository sync has completed, you can refresh the page to see the manufacturers.
```

### Import Device Types

You can browse to the `Import Device Types` page to easily import selected device types into Nautobot.  If the [Git Repository](git_datasource.md) 

> has not yet been synced, this page will initially be blank but the repository will be automatically synced (and created if necessary). You can refresh the page, once the repository has synced the device types will become available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has not yet been synced, this page will initially be blank but the repository will be automatically synced (and created if necessary). Once the repository sync has completed, you can refresh the page to see the device types.
```
